hello welcome back to another video with
brand new hair I had it done yesterday
and I just feel so much better
I've gone a bit darker today is so
exciting because it's my 22nd well it's
not today my 22nd like birthday party
thing and I'm having at home not massive
and he's here and the most amazing event
organizer I has an issue organize
everything from the balloons to like the
deck or so they are on their way up from
down south and so I'm just gonna show
you what we get up to it's just super
exciting I absolutely love watching
videos like this and you're gonna see my
half transform yeah I'm gonna show you
oh he's officially resembling like a
florist
and I'm absolutely loving it these two
I've just picked up some cute little
flowers for these gorgeous girls that I
decorated my house I brought them like
similar but just different colors like
how cute are they and so yeah I'm just
waiting on they're never here any minute
this is Mason's gorgeous display and I'm
just gonna see what they like would
prefer to do is keep or you know
whatever they have in mind
snappy is going to be a persisted but so
this is like a little before the girls
are bringing some water and I'm just
taking all that pink wall down how
beautiful is all Vista
you haven't tried to cross great divide
your feelings come and go but I do love
you so
there is nothing I want to wait to make
this dream come true darling you can't
walk wait but I'll keep coming
[Music]
today is the day my birthday party and
as you can see we've got all the deck or
finito and I'm just waiting to finish
off doing like the little food section
I've just been sorting everything out
and Mason and everyone has just gone to
shop to get some last bits but I'm just
so excited now let me show you this deck
or it is unreal
look how unreal this is we've got like
the blue knot with the flowers going on
I'm just loving the whole color scheme
and like a little detailing with the
pampas pampas pampas grass and then over
here is this beautiful cake I'll leave
this all links down below where I got
everything at best at etiquette events
organized all of this like absolutely
everything and shantel from balloon
occasions like fitted the balloons as
well they came all the way up here and
just did the most amazing job but look
at this side like wow so so beautiful
and then we're not done yet right here
once we've taken the cover off but look
here and I'm just waiting for Sheridan
to arrive they're doing like Vanessa's
doing this
raised table which we who are showing
what like we've got here so far is this
table and I've got these donut world and
books from events walls I'll just leave
everything like links down below
Mason already did this like tablespread
from my actual birthday and the balloon
but yeah which and to add some more
Donuts on there I'm loving that and then
we've got a little sweet selection
corner going on I'm going to show you
all this in a second once you know it's
been done I'm some beautiful brownies
here some more brownies mmm
so yeah appiy of course always snoring
in the background and if you've us
recently the reason why she wears this
is because she's got Chad an allergic
reaction we're just waiting for like the
skin to repair and everything on Justin
Tina tail so everything is an amazing
Lilia and but have a look at this
[Music]
you
so ad
[Music]
you